INFO 3401 HW Assignment #1 
By: Steven Rothaus

PART 1
Person - Justin Klemperer

Source One - LinkedIn    (https://www.linkedin.com/in/justin-klemperer/)

Fact One - K-12 Hockey Coach for Castle Rock Recreation (Shows experienced leadership skills.)

Source Two - Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/justin.klemperer)

Fact Two - Justin, like his dad grew up in Colorado and attended High School and College in state. (Striving education and background.)

Source Three - Twitter  (https://twitter.com/justinklemperer?lang=en)

Fact Three - 644 Followers 399 Following (Strong social skills. Large social influence.)

Source Four - Google Plus (https://plus.google.com/104134260926863523155)

Fact Four - Hockey Player (Active individual, knows the importance of teamwork and performance within a team/workplace environment.)

Source Five - BeenVerified (https://www.beenverified.com/lp/c82b67/4/building-report?fn=Justin&ln=Klemperer&mi=&city=&state=CO&bvid=N_MTk1MDAwNDA1MjU2)

Fact Five - Justin Paul Klemperer rendered 0 court or legal reports. (Trustworthy, honest and follows applied rules.)


PART 2

Scenario One - When working with sports data statistics. For example logging the NFL players stats from yards gained, catches, fumbles, touchdowns and errors. If a group was working on this project to capture all the stats from the NFL season version control systems would be greatly increase accuracy and management. Without the use of version control this group would have a difficult time being efficient at collecting data. They would also have a hard time working on a shared data document where all the info was accessed in a mutual saved location. A third issue with not utilizing version control in this sports stats situation would be during real time data entry and moments later a play is challenged to be reversed and the player loses the stats one user had committed/pushed. If the project team was using version control they would all easily see the stat was edited because of a play interaction but then revised with a note that states its due to the reverse due to penalty. Most importantly without version control the data inputs would become overlapped and inconsistent. If two users are trying to input the same data the system will recognize it or the user can keep up to date on current changes before adding his collected game data. Having version control would also allow the project team to present a timeline record of stats over the entire season. Having version control has major importance incase a data file is lost or corrupted. Having version control all project members can revert to the most up to date data that is accessible.

Scenario Two - Using version control to manage a phone game application creation would be very vital. Without the use of version control the app team will have a tough time keeping track of code changes. With the use of version control each document with change in code will be recorded and accessible to other group members. These changes will track in document changes along with insight on the change so everyone can understand why part of the project was added or edited. Also problems may arise where creators implement a major version update that creates more errors than it fixes. If they were not using version control they would be forced to have their app users endure the bugs until the extra work was put in to fix them. If version control was used the app development project team could instantly revert back to prior game versions that worked smooth. Also using version control could increase the amount of time it takes to track down errors in new code that was recently added. Project members could work backward efficiently until the bugs are found and fixed.

Scenario Three - Having version control would help manage a project in a corporate setting where a ton of people are assigned to the same project goal. Not using version control in a mass user contributed project could be the cause of late completion or complete failure. The failure would be due to the inefficient project updates comprehension even with the help of in document comments on changes. Using version control in this scenario would influence a more efficient complete style as users can see not only the document changes but exact users who made the edits. Having access to version control with profile capture on edits allow for large workplace project to excel in communication. No one has to guess who made the change and can confront users who did make changes with a confusing comment. In corporate settings version control is also important because the higher ups can review the amount of revisions to see how far along the project is coming and who has contributed the most. Without the use of version control corporate managers may be blind to the amount of work that's occurring on a current project. If the number of revisions and access to the most up to data document were being provided by version control corporate could monitor process and asset value.


PART 4 

I did this part with Harold Chang and exchanged my repository url to him for a merge. When two people try to make changes to the same file then commit and push changes an error occurs. One person gets a message explaining the repository has been updated since you last pulled. I worked with Harold and when he re-pulled the warning came up showing conflicts were detected as part of the last operation. In order to solve this issue I had Harold pull the new repository, view the conflict and was able to successfully re-commit and push the update we both made at the same time.


PART 5

Using strategies like detailed commit comments, organization within repositories document titles both help manage and architect a collaborative project. Most importantly have members who specialize in certain areas provide all their contributing data then others can revise and edit to ensure completeness. These main strategies ensure productivity increase and make the most out of version control systems. It will be important to project production if users commit and push frequently so members get most up to date content. Detailed comments for the file update will introduce to the others what specifically was done. Also make sure all members are constantly pulling and using diff to review changes to ensure they are accurate and acceptable. Another strategy that helps version control project collaboration is to make sure new or removed content is agreed upon by the entire group before relying on further versions.